Section 1: HTML
---

Q: What are HTML elements?
A: The fundamental building blocks of an HTML page are known as an "HTML element". 
Some elements require a closing tag and others are self-closing. 
They can also be set to a specific attribute.

Q: What are HTML element attributes? What are some examples of HTML attributes and what do they do?
A: Attributes enable an HTML element to be configured to have more customizability and/or functionality. 
For example, an HTML element can be assigned a particular class or ID element to help organize our code but to also enable CSS customization.
An HTML element can also have particular type attributes to configure form functionality. 

Q: In an HTML element, what does the id attribute do? The class attribute?
A: An ID attribute should be assigned to only one element. It allows us to create a very specific attribute identifier for that element and thus, specific CSS customization.
A class attribute can be assigned to more than one element. Any CSS styling that affects one class attribute will affect all members of that class.

What is an inline element? A block element? What are some examples of each?

How do semantic HTML elements help developers markup content?

Usage of specific elements:

How are div elements used? How do they differ from elements like article or p?

How are span elements used? How do they differ from elements like a or b?

Creating forms in HTML:

In form elements, what is the method attribute used to specify? The action attribute?

List the various types of input tags. How do you set an input tag’s type?

For an input tag, what does the name attribute do?

CSS
In CSS, what is a selector? A property? A value?

What is the difference between combining selectors and descendent selectors?

For block elements, what attributes are applied to all four sides?

What is the Order of Precedence in CSS?

Flask and Jinja2
What is the request object in Flask? What can you use it for?

In Flask, how do you access form values for a POST request? How about for a GET request?

What is Jinja? What does the function render_template do?

Jinja syntax to know

For-loops

If-statements

Showing text with Jinja

Setting HTML attributes using Jinja

Template inheritance (using a base.html to create consistency)

How the Web Works
When you type a URL into a web browser, what happens?

Be able to explain this in your own words, hitting each main concept from the lecture.

What are the five main components of a URL?

What is the difference between a GET request and a POST request?

Cookies and Sessions
What is a cookie? What is a session? How are the two different?

APIs and Requests Library
What is an API? What does API stand for?

What are some examples of web-based APIs?

What is an API endpoint?

What are the core tenets of REST in the context of APIs?

How can you keep your API access tokens out of git? What should you do if you accidentally add your API tokens to git?

Why is it bad to push your API tokens to git?

Testing
What are doctests? How do you create and run them?

What is the difference between a unit test and an integration test?